In this project, you are asked to build a web application of your own. The nature of the application is up to you, subject to a few requirements:

    Your web application must be sufficiently distinct from the other projects in this course (and, in addition, may not be based on the old CS50W Pizza project), and more complex than those.
        A project that appears to be a social network is a priori deemed by the staff to be indistinct from Project 4, and should not be submitted; it will be rejected.
        A project that appears to be an e-commerce site is strongly suspected to be indistinct from Project 2, and your README.md file should be very clear as to why it’s not. Failing that, it should not be submitted; it will be rejected.
    Your web application must utilize Django (including at least one model) on the back-end and JavaScript on the front-end.
    Your web application must be mobile-responsive.

The most common cause for failure of the final project is not spending enough effort on this next instruction. Your README.md file should be minimally multiple paragraphs in length, and should provide a relatively comprehensive documentation of what you did and, if applicable, why you did it. Ensure you allocate sufficient time and energy to writing a README.md that you are proud of and that documents your project thoroughly, and that distinguishes this project from others in the course and defends its complexity.

    In a README.md in your project’s main directory, include a writeup describing your project, and specifically:
        Why you believe your project satisfies the distinctiveness and complexity requirements, mentioned above.
        What’s contained in each file you created.
        How to run your application.
        Any other additional information the staff should know about your project.
    If you’ve added any Python packages that need to be installed in order to run your web application, be sure to add them to a requirements.txt file!

Beyond these requirements, the design, look, and feel of the website are up to you!
